Rework the Getting Started section (#28)
neoforged/Documentation: docs/gettingstarted/modfiles.md

| `mod_group_id`            | See [The Group ID][group].                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | `mod_group_id=com.example.examplemod`     |
| `mod_authors`             | The authors of the mod, shown in the mod list.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | `mod_authors=ExampleModder`               |
| `mod_description`         | The description of the mod, as a multiline string, shown in the mod list. Newline characters (`\n`) can be used and will be replaced properly.                                                                                                                                                        | `mod_authors=Example mod description.`    |

> | `pack_format_number`      | The version number of your mod's data and resource pack. Mojang bumps this without something that could be considered a consistent scheme, so it's best to just look up what the current number is. As of Minecraft 1.20.2, the pack version is `18`.                                                 | `pack_version_number=18`                  |

Reviewer: This is just a note for the future, but instead of doing replacement here, it should be generated via datagen in the mdk example.

| `displayName`   | string  |      value of `modId`       |                                                                                    The display name of the mod. Used when representing the mod on a screen (e.g., mod list, mod mismatch).                                                                                     | `displayName"Example Mod"`                                      |
| `description`   | string  | `'''MISSING DESCRIPTION'''` |                                                                           The description of the mod shown in the mod list screen. It is recommended to use a [multiline literal string][multiline].                                                                           | `description='''This is an example.'''`                         |
| `logoFile`      | string  |          *nothing*          |                                  The name and extension of an image file used on the mods list screen. The logo must be in the root of the JAR or directly in the root of the source set (e.g. `src/main/resources` for the main source set).                                  | `logoFile="example_logo.png"`                                   |

> | `logoBlur`      | boolean |           `true`            |                                                                                             Whether to use `GL_LINEAR*` (true) or `GL_NEAREST*` (false) to render the `logoFile`.                                                                                              | `logoBlur=false`                                                |

Reviewer 2: This explanation isn't really helpful to a beginner or anyone else not sufficiently familiar with OpenGL. It should ideally be explained at a more generic level, i.e. whether interpolation should be used while drawing which blurs the image if the render resolution is higher than the image resolution

#### Features

The features system allows mods to demand that certain settings, software, or hardware are available when loading the system. When a feature is not satisfied, mod loading will fail, informing the user about the requirement. Currently, NeoForge provides the following features:

|    Feature     |                                                                     Description                                                                      | Example   |
|:--------------:|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|:----------|
| `java_version` | The acceptable version range of the Java version, expressed as a [Maven Version Range][mvr]. This should be the supported version used by Minecraft. | `"[17,)"` |

### Dependency Configurations

> Mods can specify their dependencies, which are checked by NeoForge before loading the mods. These configurations are created using the [array of tables][array] `[[dependencies.<modid>]]`, where `modid` is the identifier of the mod the dependency is for.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Mods can specify their dependencies, which are checked by NeoForge before loading the mods. These configurations are created using the [array of tables][array] `[[dependencies.<modid>]]`, where `modid` is the identifier of the mod that consumes the dependency.
```

| `ordering`     | string  |   `"NONE"`    | Defines if the mod must load before (`"BEFORE"`) or after (`"AFTER"`) this dependency. If the ordering does not matter, return `"NONE"` | `ordering="AFTER"`                           |
| `side`         | string  |   `"BOTH"`    |                    The [physical side][dist] the dependency must be present on: `"CLIENT"`, `"SERVER"`, or `"BOTH"`.                    | `side="CLIENT"`                              |
| `referralUrl`  | string  |   *nothing*   |                                     A URL to the download page of the dependency. Currently unused.                                     | `referralUrl="https://library.example.com/"` |

:::danger
The `ordering` of two mods may cause a crash due to a cyclic dependency, for example if mod A must load `"BEFORE"` mod B and at the same time, mod B must load `"BEFORE"` mod A.
:::

Mod Entrypoints
---------------

Now that the `mods.toml` is filled out, we need to provide an entrypoint for the mod. Entrypoints are essentially the starting point for executing the mod. The entrypoint itself is determined by the language loader used in the `mods.toml`.

### `javafml` and `@Mod`

> `javafml` is a language loader provided by NeoForge for the Java programming language. The entrypoint is defined using a public class with the `@Mod` annotation. The value of `@Mod` must contain one of the mod ids specified within the `mods.toml`. From there, all initialization logic (e.g. [registering events][events] or [adding `DeferredRegister`s][registration]) can be specified within the constructor of the class.

Reviewer 2: It might be worth mentioning that there must be an exact 1-to-1 mapping between mod IDs in the mods.toml and mod IDs in `@Mod` annotations

:::danger
The `ordering` of two mods may cause a crash due to a cyclic dependency, for example if mod A must load `"BEFORE"` mod B and at the same time, mod B must load `"BEFORE"` mod A.
:::

Mod Entrypoints
---------------

Now that the `mods.toml` is filled out, we need to provide an entrypoint for the mod. Entrypoints are essentially the starting point for executing the mod. The entrypoint itself is determined by the language loader used in the `mods.toml`.

### `javafml` and `@Mod`

`javafml` is a language loader provided by NeoForge for the Java programming language. The entrypoint is defined using a public class with the `@Mod` annotation. The value of `@Mod` must contain one of the mod ids specified within the `mods.toml`. From there, all initialization logic (e.g. [registering events][events] or [adding `DeferredRegister`s][registration]) can be specified within the constructor of the class.

```java
@Mod("examplemod") // Must match a mod id in the mods.toml
public class Example {

>   public Example() {

Reviewer 3: I would recommend at least including `IEventBus modBus` in the constructor args, yes ;)

    // Initialize logic here
  }
}
```

:::note
There must be a 1-to-1 matching of mods in the `mods.toml` file and `@Mod` entrypoints. This means that for every mod defined, there must be exactly one `@Mod` annotation with that mod's id.
:::

### `lowcodefml`

> `lowcodefml` is a language loader used as a way to distribute datapacks and resource packs as mods without the need of an in-code entrypoint. It is specified as `lowcodefml` rather than `nocodefml` for minor additions in the future that might require minimal coding.

Author: Please elaborate?

> `lowcodefml` is a language loader used as a way to distribute datapacks and resource packs as mods without the need of an in-code entrypoint. It is specified as `lowcodefml` rather than `nocodefml` for minor additions in the future that might require minimal coding.

Reviewer: I'm pretty sure for `lowcodefml` that the `@Mod` annotation is not needed on a class. To avoid confusion, I was suggesting to make an explicit reference to `javafml` saying that the `@Mod` annotation is unnecessary.
